<p style="text-align: center; font-weight:bold">WDT Module 3 - Computer Science Fundamentals<br>Computer Science Fundamentals<br>Checkpoint 1 - Welcome to Module 3</p>

**Exercises**
Take some time to reflect. Submit a message explaining what you think your strengths and weaknesses are regarding the previous modules. Be verbose. The more insight we have, the better we will be to help you grow.

**Response**
My strengths include 1) good problems solving, i.e., being able to break complex problems into smaller, more easily solved bits, and 2) Desire/Enthusiasm: After coding everyday for 4 months I am still not tired of it, can't get enough, even when I am taking a break I am reading articles or watching videos about JavaScript and CSS because I find CSS pretty challenging (things constantly not working the way I thought they would!). Lastly, besides my affinity for the industry/community I just love learning new things so I think makes me a good fit for the developer role because if you aren't learning new stuff and going forward you are really go backwards, the industry never stands still

My main weakness at this point I guess boils down to lack of exerience/practice, but I have a real hard time sitting down and coding something out from scratch without refering to various resources to get the syntax right.  I know what I want to do, like the other day I knew I wanted to use `.reduce` on an array to total it's elements, but I had to look up how to use it properly on MDN. I am constantly having to do that, not just with JS but HTML and CSS as well. Again, I figure I will need to refer to sources less and less as I gain experience but I thought I would be further along in that process by now with as much as I have been coding. Then again I feel like I have been drinking from a firehose at times because there is just so much material so maybe I am absorbing things at my usal rate but there is so much to absorb it just seems like I haven't absorbed that much?  There are **SO MANY** CSS attributes and properties!  So many HTML Elements!  So many JS methods! But I will keep at it, really nothing I'd rather be doing
